Update docs and examples (#505)
microsoft/winget-create: doc/update.md

There are cases where the intended architecture specified in the existing manifest can sometimes differ from the actual architecture of the installer package. To mitigate this discrepancy, the installer architecture will first be determined by performing a regex string match to identify the possible architecture in the installer url. If no match is found, [Winget-Create](../README.md) will resort to obtaining the architecture from the downloaded installer.

> In case Winget-Create fails to obtain the architecture from the binary or the obtained architecture does not match an architecture in the existing manifest, Winget-Create will fail to generate the manifest. In this case, you can explicitly provide the intended architecture in the update command using the following override format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Winget-Create fails to detect the architecture from the binary or the detected architecture does not match an architecture in the existing manifest, Winget-Create will fail to generate the manifest. In this case, you can explicitly provide the intended architecture in the update command using the following override format:
```
